In order to propagate wins and
losses up the game tree,
to the point where a computer
player can make a decision,
we need to start at
the bottom of the tree.
Let's start with the left
side of the tree.
In the left-most branch, O wins.
In the next branch over,
O never gets to use the last square
on the game board and loses.
Since our opponent x plays to win and
minimizes O's score, it will never
choose the left most branch.
Instead it will choose this branch which
is guaranteed to give the computer
player a score of -1.
However, our computer player
can avoid this situation
by making a wiser choice one level up.
Both branches of this tree lead
to victory, hence scores of +1.
We can keep propagating
these scores up the tree,
alternating men in max levels
until we arrive at the top.
This process of computing values for
each node bottom to top is known
as the mini max algorithm.
For each max node, pick the maximum
value among its child nodes.
If there's at least one plus one child,
the computer can always
pick that to win.
Otherwise, it could never win from that
point on, assuming a perfect opponent.
Of course, through represent
the opponent, at each mid node,
we pick the minimum value.